wip release notes for 0.4.14 (#4013)
Napari/napari: docs/release/release_0_4_14.md

# napari 0.4.14

We're happy to announce the release of napari 0.4.14!
napari is a fast, interactive, multi-dimensional image viewer for Python.
It's designed for browsing, annotating, and analyzing large multi-dimensional
images. It's built on top of Qt (for the GUI), vispy (for performant GPU-based
rendering), and the scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy).

> This is a small release containing some new features and fixing a few issues that have come up since `0.4.13` was released.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a small release containing some new features and fixing a few issues that have come up since 0.4.13 was released.
```

I think we should be consistent about whether version numbers are in backticks. Version 0.4.14 is not above and I think backticks are mostly reserved for code, so I suggest removing them here.

> This release adds the ability to convert shapes layers to labels layers in a context menu available on right clicking the layer (#3978). Our vectors layer has gained the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds the ability to convert a shapes layer to a labels layer from a context menu available on right clicking the layer list entry (#3978). Our vectors layer has gained the 
```

Optional: I found the initial wording a little hard to parse. Consider the suggestion, but feel to ignore.

ability to render vectors in 2D across multiple slices (#2902) and points in the points
layer can now be hidden individually (#3625).

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:
https://github.com/napari/napari

Complete list of changes below:

## Highlights
- Enable shapes layer (right click) > convert to labels (#3978)

> - out-of-slice rendering for Vectors (#2902)

Reviewer 2: The listed changes lead with a mix of upper and lower case. Other change logs seem to consistently lead with uppercase.

> - out-of-slice rendering for Vectors (#2902)

Author: ```suggestion
- Out-of-slice rendering for Vectors (#2902)
```

- Hide points individually (#3625)

## New Features

## Improvements
- Update tests to remove warnings (#3974)

> - add test to check that things are removed properly (#3996)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add test to check that things are removed properly (#3996)
```

- Change base point slice thickness to half a unit (#3997)
- Change base vector slice thickness to half a unit (#4001)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Use scikit-image[data] in the bundle (#4024)

```

## Bug Fixes

> - fix about on python 3.10 (#3972)

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix about on python 3.10 (#3972)
```

- Revert changes to scikit-image test API (#3979)
- Fix missing builtins in bundle (#3982)

> - don't use texture_format auto if float textures not available on machine (#3990)

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't use texture_format auto if float textures not available on machine (#3990)
```

- Fix error when setting ndisplay=3 with empty shapes layer in viewer (#4003)
- Fix bug preventing close button on dock widgets (#4006)

## API Changes

> ## Deprecations

Reviewer: Just as a reminder, if #4007 gets in, then it probably contributes an API change (`out_of_slice_display` is a new param/property/event) and a deprecation (`n_dimensional` is deprecated).

Reviewer 3: Note: API Changes are reserved for *existing APIs that we break*. *Addition* of parameters/attributes are not API changes.

Author: just to check @andy-sweet - `n_dimensional` is not deprecated now, right?

Reviewer: It's deprecated/discouraged in the docstrings, but we don't issue deprecation warnings. So yeah, I think we should omit it here until those warnings are added.

Author: Perfect, thanks!

## Build Tools and Docs
- DOC: Misc doc syntax. (#3985)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Fix include_package_data inclusion in the "your first plugin" docs page (#4022)
```

## 5 authors added to this release (alphabetical)
- [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt

> - [Lorenzo Gaifas](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=brisvag) - @brisvag

Author: ```suggestion
- [Jaime Rodríguez-Guerra](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=jaimergp) - @jaimergp
- [Lorenzo Gaifas](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=brisvag) - @brisvag
```

images. It's built on top of Qt (for the GUI), vispy (for performant GPU-based
rendering), and the scientific Python stack (numpy, scipy).

This is a small release containing some new features and fixing a few issues that have come up since 0.4.13 was released.

This release adds the ability to convert a shapes layer to a labels layer from a context menu available on right clicking the layer list entry (#3978). Our vectors layer has gained the 
ability to render vectors in 2D across multiple slices (#2902) and points in the points
layer can now be hidden individually (#3625).

For more information, examples, and documentation, please visit our website:
https://github.com/napari/napari

Complete list of changes below:

## Highlights
- Enable shapes layer (right click) > convert to labels (#3978)
- Out-of-slice rendering for Vectors (#2902)
- Hide points individually (#3625)

## New Features

## Improvements
- Update tests to remove warnings (#3974)
- Add test to check that things are removed properly (#3996)
- Change base point slice thickness to half a unit (#3997)
- Change base vector slice thickness to half a unit (#4001)
- Use scikit-image[data] in the bundle (#4024)

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- Rename n_dimensional to out_of_slice_display in Points and Vectors (#4007)

```

## Bug Fixes
- Fix about on python 3.10 (#3972)
- Revert changes to scikit-image test API (#3979)
- Fix missing builtins in bundle (#3982)
- Don't use texture_format auto if float textures not available on machine (#3990)
- Fix error when setting ndisplay=3 with empty shapes layer in viewer (#4003)
- Fix bug preventing close button on dock widgets (#4006)

## API Changes

## Deprecations

## Build Tools and Docs
- DOC: Misc doc syntax. (#3985)
- Fix include_package_data inclusion in the "your first plugin" docs page (#4022)

## 5 authors added to this release (alphabetical)
- [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt
- [Jaime Rodríguez-Guerra](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=jaimergp) - @jaimergp
- [Lorenzo Gaifas](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=brisvag) - @brisvag
- [Matthias Bussonnier](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=Carreau) - @Carreau
- [Pam](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=ppwadhwa) - @ppwadhwa
- [Talley Lambert](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=tlambert03) - @tlambert03

## 8 reviewers added to this release (alphabetical)

> - [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt

Author: ```suggestion
- [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt
- [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=andy-sweet) - @andy-sweet
```

https://github.com/napari/napari

Complete list of changes below:

## Highlights
- Enable shapes layer (right click) > convert to labels (#3978)
- Out-of-slice rendering for Vectors (#2902)
- Hide points individually (#3625)

## New Features

## Improvements
- Update tests to remove warnings (#3974)
- Add test to check that things are removed properly (#3996)
- Change base point slice thickness to half a unit (#3997)
- Change base vector slice thickness to half a unit (#4001)
- Use scikit-image[data] in the bundle (#4024)
- Rename n_dimensional to out_of_slice_display in Points and Vectors (#4007)

## Bug Fixes
- Fix about on python 3.10 (#3972)
- Revert changes to scikit-image test API (#3979)
- Fix missing builtins in bundle (#3982)
- Don't use texture_format auto if float textures not available on machine (#3990)
- Fix error when setting ndisplay=3 with empty shapes layer in viewer (#4003)
- Fix bug preventing close button on dock widgets (#4006)

## API Changes

## Deprecations

## Build Tools and Docs
- DOC: Misc doc syntax. (#3985)
- Fix include_package_data inclusion in the "your first plugin" docs page (#4022)

## 5 authors added to this release (alphabetical)

> - [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt

Author: ```suggestion
- [Alister Burt](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=alisterburt) - @alisterburt
- [Andy Sweet](https://github.com/napari/napari/commits?author=andy-sweet) - @andy-sweet
```
